#summary Downloads Page
#labels Version-3.2.5.1,Featured

_ ( the coturn project downloads are here: https://code.google.com/p/coturn/wiki/Downloads )_

== Latest official recommended version - 3.2.5.1: ==

  * Request re-transmission implemented in uclient test program.
  * TLS connection procedure improved in uclient test program.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.5.1/ 3.2.5.1 Version Downloads (full source and platform builds)]

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/ Main Downloads Page (with all recent versions)]

[http://coturn.net/turnserver/ Backup Downloads Page]

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/extradocs/ Extra Docs ]

== Older versions ==

=== 3.2.4.6: ===

  * Relay RTCP sockets ports allocation fixed.
  * SSL renegotiation callback fixed.
  * List of libraries cleaned.
  * Debian UFW file added to the Debian package.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.4.6/ v3.2.4.6]

=== 3.2.4.5: ===

  * Mobile sessions authentication improved.
  * Authentication code cleaning.
  * Quota allocation fixed.
  * Core dump fixed.
  * Memory code cleaning.
  * Logging code cleaning.
  * TCP/TLS tests improved.
  * relay RTCP sockets ports allocation fixed.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.4.5/ v3.2.4.5]

=== 3.2.4.4: ===

  * TLS renegotiation DoS attack prevention implemented (Issue 136);
  * FQDN is allowed as a relay-ip or a listener-ip parameter (patch provided by Iñaki Baz Castillo).

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.4.4/ v3.2.4.4]

=== 3.2.4.2: ===

  * Redis DB user key database operation fixed.
  * SHA-256 memory leak fixed.
  * Mobility ticket retransmission fixed.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.4.2/ v3.2.4.2]

=== 3.2.4.3: ===

  * MySQL SSL connection support.
  * Crash fixed when incorrect DB connection string.
  * Minor docs fixes.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.4.3/ v3.2.4.3]
=== 3.2.4.1: ===

  * Forceful server-side session cancellation implemented (in telnet console).

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.4.1/ v3.2.4.1]
=== 3.2.3.96: ===

  * TCP 6062 relay connection cleanup fix.
  * "pu" CLI command fixed.
  * Some crash conditions fixed.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.3.96/ v3.2.3.96]

=== 3.2.3.95: ===

  * working on compilation warnings.
  * Allocation mismatch condition fixed (Issue 130).
  * STUN BINDING response fixed in the case of -X (external address) option (Issue 131).

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.3.95/ v3.2.3.95]

=== 3.2.3.94: ===

  * Redis DB connection status fixed (Issue 129).
  * SIGHUP for logfile reset implemented (Gustavo Garcia suggestion).
  * log reset command in CLI added.
  * Some error code corrections:
    # "Mobility forbidden" error changed, to value 405.
    # "Wrong credentials" situation is now treated as error 441.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.3.94/ v3.2.3.94]

=== 3.2.3.92: ===

  * A better fix for the Issue 128 (sigfault in RFC 6062 TCP operations).
  * Cleaner fix for Issue 126 and Issue 127.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.3.92/ v3.2.3.92]

=== 3.2.3.91: ===

  * Issue 128 (sigfault in RFC 6062 TCP operations) fixed.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.3.91/ v3.2.3.91]

=== 3.2.3.9: ===

  * ephemeral REST API credentials fixed in RFC 6062 TCP communications (Issue 126 and Issue 127).
  * Auth code cleaning.
  * Password change in the database of an active session is supported.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.3.9/ v3.2.3.9]

=== 3.2.3.8: ===

  * Code cleaning (compilation warnings, etc).
  * TLS/DTLS log messages fixed.
  * uclient performance improvements.
  * channel function place holders  defined for kernel-level calls.
  * Amazon AMI upgraded to network engine 3

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.3.8/ v3.2.3.8]

=== 3.2.3.7: ===

  * Better fixes for the Issue 123.
  * Code cleaning.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.3.7/ v3.2.3.7]

=== 3.2.3.6: ===

  * Addresses logging fixed.
  * Redis admin options fixed.
  * Redis compilation cleaned.
  * Performance and logging socket problem fixed (Issue 123).

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.3.6/ v3.2.3.6]

=== 3.2.3.5: ===

  * Mobile allocation quota fixed (issue 121);
  * *--simple-log* option added (Issue 122);
  * documentation fixes (REST API, Redis).

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.3.5/ v3.2.3.5]

=== 3.2.3.4: ===

  * Mobile TCP sessions fixed (Issue 120);
  * log information improvements.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.3.4/ v3.2.3.4]

=== 3.2.3.3: ===

  * Pkey and cert file descriptors to be closed on initialization (issue 118);
  * Address bind indefinite cycle on start-up fixed (Issue 119);
  * Allocation counters time lag improved.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.3.3/ v3.2.3.3]

=== 3.2.3.2: ===

  * Allocation counters fixed (Issue 117);
  * a possible core dump in the server code fixed;
  * a possible memory leak in server fixed.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.3.2/ v3.2.3.2]

=== 3.2.3.1: ===

  * TCP congestion avoidance completed.
  * Read and write streams are treated separately in bandwidth control algorithms.
  * Test client fixed.
  * Experimental SHA256 key storage supported, for experimental HMAC-SHA256 long-term mechanism extension.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.3.1/ v3.2.3.1]

=== 3.2.2.912: ===

  * TCP-in-TCP congestion avoidance implemented.
  * UDP-in-TCP congestion avoidance improved.
  * Alternate-server code cleaned.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.2.912/ v3.2.2.912]

=== 3.2.2.911: ===

  * "Congestion control" for UDP-inside-TCP tunneling;
  * memory management improvements;
  * socket logging improvements;
  * debug info added to CentOS and Fedora RPMs;
  * TCP traffic buffering improved;
  * Thread barriers cleaned;
  * TCP memory leak fixed;
  * minor TCP test client improvement.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.2.911/ v3.2.2.911]

=== 3.2.2.910: ===

  * Log messages extended and cleaned.
  * Some memory cleaning.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.2.910/ v3.2.2.910]

=== 3.2.2.9: ===

  * Issue 113: TCP relay rate control fixed;
  * Issue 114: TCP relay stability fixes.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.2.9/ v3.2.2.9]

=== 3.2.2.8: ===

  * Issue 102: SO_BSDCOMPAT socket option removed;
  * Issue 104: check for the REALM attribute value;
  * Issue 105: no-cli segfault fixed;
  * Issue 106: MESSAGE-INTEGRITY removed from DATA indication;
  * Issue 108: Server should return 438 on unknown nonce;
  * Issue 109: make the random functions stronger (mostly for transaction ID and for nonce);
  * Issue 111: fix valgrind warning on memory initialization.
  * Issue 112: RTCP sockets logging.

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.2.8/ v3.2.2.8]

=== 3.2.2.7: ===

  * Possible indefinite cycle fixed in TCP/TCP routing (Issue 99);
  * Address 0.0.0.0 can be used as a listener address (Issue 100);
  * DHCP-configured servers supported (Issue 101).
  * Debian and Ubuntu INSTALL file fixed (Issue 103)

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.2.7/ v3.2.2.7]

=== 3.2.2.6: ===

  * Channel traffic memory copy elimination.
  * Send indication memory copy elimination.
  * DTLS traffic processing memory copy eliminated.
  * Mobility forbidden error code number fixed - according to the new draft document.
  * getsockname() usage minimized.
  * port allocation improved.
  * default relay behavior fixed (when no relay addresses defined).
  * atomic create permission request handling (Issue 97).

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.2.6/ v3.2.2.6]

=== 3.2.2.5: ===

  * CPU & RAM Optimization
  * License cleaned in the platform builds

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.2.5/ v3.2.2.5]

=== 3.2.2.4 ===

  * Fixes the major security issues 95 and 96
  * Fixes the minor issues 93 and 94

[http://turnserver.open-sys.org/downloads/v3.2.2.4/ v3.2.2.4]

== Legacy versions ==

[http://code.google.com/p/rfc5766-turn-server/downloads/list?can=1&q=&colspec=Version+Filename+Summary+Uploaded+Size Legacy Downloads Page]